Rewrite the 'PivotGrid - Summary Display Modes'  demo description (#1139)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/SummaryDisplayModes/description.md

> Summaries are values displayed in pivot grid cells. You can configure summaries in the [fields](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) that belong to the *"data"* area (`Relative Sales` in this demo). 

Reviewer: I presume this demo is advanced enough so:
```suggestion
To process already calculated summary values, you can apply a predefined or your custom function. This allows you to take into account neighboring cells' values.
```

If this is applied, then I suggest to
* rename the "Available Summary Display Modes" header to "Apply Predefined Functions"
* add a new paragraph called "Specify Custom Function" which would include calculateSummaryValue, [Summary Cell](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Summary_Cell/), calculation order
---
Should PivotGrid have at least one field whose `area` is set to "data"?

Author: >To process already calculated summary values, you can apply a predefined or your custom function. This allows you to take into account neighboring cells' values.

This makes sense, however, this demo is the first one where we mention summaries. This is the reason why I wrote this introduction.

>rename the "Available Summary Display Modes" header to "Apply Predefined Functions"
>add a new paragraph called "Specify Custom Function" which would include calculateSummaryValue, Summary Cell, calculation order

A custom summary is not related to this demo and in my opinion is an advanced scenario. I wouldn't like to highlight differences between predefined and custom display modes in order to focus on switching between any modes.

>Should PivotGrid have at least one field whose area is set to "data"?

If the pivot grid does not have such a field, there is no data to display, so the answer is yes.

## Available Summary Display Modes
You can specify a post-processing function to modify summaries after they are calculated. Use the [summaryDisplayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) property to specify how to display summaries. This property allows you select one of the predefined summary display modes. To implement a custom mode, use the [calculateSummaryValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#calculateSummaryValue) property. Note that you cannot use predefined and custom modes simultaneously. 

The list below shows available predefined modes. These modes calculate summaries depending on previous row values or totals:

- *"absoluteVariation"*
- *"percentVariation"*
- *"percentOfColumnTotal"*
- *"percentOfRowTotal"*
- *"percentOfColumnGrandTotal"*
- *"percentOfRowGrandTotal"*

> - *"percentOfGrandTotal"*

Reviewer: A user can click the field in the "data" area and see these modes. They are also available in the docs. So the suggestion is to remove this list.

Refer to the [description](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) of the **summaryDisplayMode** property to find out more about each mode.

## Change the Summary Display Mode at Runtime

> This demo shows how to switch between the above mentioned modes. Right-click or long-tap the 'Relative Sales' button in the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) to invoke the context menu. In this demo, the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler is used to specify the context menu content. This handler modifies fields from the **PivotGridDataSource**.**fields[]** array and changes their display [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format). 

Reviewer: Reworded and removed the format property because it has little to do with adding predefined modes to the context menu:

```suggestion
To switch between predefined modes, users can right-click a field whose [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) is set to _"data"_ . Use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler to add specific modes for such a field. Make sure that the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) is [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/). In this demo, you can right-click the 'Relative Sales' field to test this feature.
```

Author: >To switch between predefined modes, users can right-click a field whose [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) is set to _"data"_ .

Seems like it is not technically correct. Have you tried this?

>Use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler to add specific modes for such a field.

We can use any component (even none-DX ones) to display the list of these modes. So the last sentence - 'n this demo, you can right-click the 'Relative Sales' field to test this feature.' - relates to everything about **onContextMenuPreparing**

> Summary display modes are post-processing functions that allow you perform additional calculations on each summary value and take into account neighboring summary values. You can use summary display modes to present pivot data from different angles.

Reviewer 2: ```
are post-processing functions
``` 
Can we give a link to a descriptive topic here? I see there is the related one:  
https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Summaries/#Summary_Post-Processing
Is it worth it?

```
that allow you perform
```
May be "that allow you TO perform"?

- *"percentOfColumnTotal"*            
    Calculates the current value as a percentage in one of the column's intermediate totals or the column's grand total when there are no expanded rows.

- *"percentOfRowTotal"*        
    Calculates the current value as a percentage in one of the row's intermediate totals or the row's grand total when there are no expanded columns.

- *"percentOfColumnGrandTotal"*        
    Calculates the current value as a percentage in the column's grand total.

- *"percentOfRowGrandTotal"*        
    Calculates the current value as a percentage in the row's grand total.

- *"percentOfGrandTotal"*        
    Calculates the current value as a percentage in the grand total of the entire pivot grid.

If the predefined modes do not suit your needs, you can implement a custom post-processing function&mdash;[calculateSummaryValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#calculateSummaryValue). Note that the PivotGrid ignores the **summaryDisplayMode** property if the **calculateSummaryValue** function is defined.

## Change the Summary Display Mode at Runtime

> In this demo, you can switch between predefined summary display modes at runtime. Right-click or long-tap the Relative Sales field in the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) and select a mode from the appeared context menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this demo, you can switch between predefined summary display modes at runtime. Right-click or long-tap the Relative Sales field in the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) and select a mode from the invoked context menu.
```

> Summaries are values displayed in pivot grid cells. You can configure summaries in the [fields](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) that belong to the *"data"* area (`Relative Sales` in this demo). 

Reviewer 4: By that time, the reader should be aware about summaries. We better define "summary display mode".

```suggestion
Summary display modes are post-processing functions that allow you perform additional calculations on each summary value and take into account neighboring summary values. You can use summary display modes to present pivot data from different angles.
```

> ## Available Summary Display Modes

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Apply a Summary Display Mode
```

> You can specify a post-processing function to modify summaries after they are calculated. Use the [summaryDisplayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) property to specify how to display summaries. This property allows you select one of the predefined summary display modes. Refer to the [description](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) of the **summaryDisplayMode** property to see the list of modes.

Reviewer 4: > a post-processing function to modify summaries after they are calculated

I wouldn't say that the calculated summary values are modified. They are presented differently, as a perecentage of this or that value.

> Use the [summaryDisplayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) property to specify _how to display summaries_.

Vague wording. "How" can mean many different things.

> You can specify a post-processing function to modify summaries after they are calculated. ... This property allows you select one of the predefined summary display modes.

These sentences say the same thing: there are predefined post-processing functions.

> Refer to the [description](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) of the **summaryDisplayMode** property to see the list of modes.

I think we should move the list from the reference to this description.

```suggestion
DevExtreme PivotGrid supports predefined summary display modes decribed below. To apply one of them, set the [summaryDisplayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#summaryDisplayMode) property. 

.. copy the list from the reference article ...
```

> If the predefined modes do not suit your needs, you can use the [calculateSummaryValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#calculateSummaryValue) property to implement a custom mode. Note that you cannot use predefined and custom modes simultaneously. 

Reviewer 4: > to implement a custom mode

I wouldn't call this a mode because the term "summary display mode" is our invention.

```suggestion
If the predefined modes do not suit your needs, you can implement a custom post-processing function&mdash;[calculateSummaryValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#calculateSummaryValue). Note that the PivotGrid ignores the **summaryDisplayMode** property if the **calculateSummaryValue** function is defined.
```

## Change the Summary Display Mode at Runtime

> This demo shows how to switch between the above mentioned modes. Right-click or long-tap the 'Relative Sales' button in the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) to invoke the context menu. In this demo, the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler is used to specify the context menu content. This handler modifies fields from the **PivotGridDataSource**.**fields[]** array and changes their display [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format). 

Reviewer 4: > In this demo, the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler is used to specify the context menu content. This handler modifies fields from the **PivotGridDataSource**.**fields[]** array and changes their display [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format). 

Use imperative mood more: "_impement_ the handler", "_modify_ the fields array", "_change_ the format property".

> changes their display [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format)

`caption` is changed as well.

```suggestion
In this demo, you can switch between predefined summary display modes at runtime. Right-click or long-tap the Relative Sales field in the [field panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/FieldPanel) and select a mode from the appeared context menu.

To implement this functionality in your application, use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) event handler. Within this handler, you should detect the right-clicked field. If it is a target field, change its **summaryDisplayMode** and optionally other properties, such as [caption](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#caption) or [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format).
```
